#### Helpful resources
https://learnxinyminutes.com/

#### Source Control for tracking our code
https://about.gitlab.com/images/press/git-cheat-sheet.pdf
instructions and survey of common tasks when using git
scroll to the bottom for installation

- source control tools like Git let us keep track of our changes
- we can view our progress over time and find old changes quickly
- Github platform lets us use Git to share our code with others
- helps us find code resources that we can collaborate on

https://github.com/pageSwanson

#### Notes on browsing Github
- do they have a site for the project?
- do they have a readme (README.md)?
- when was the last commit to the project?
- does the project have outstanding issues?
- how many pull requests have been submitted?

#### Vue for js, for NativeScript
- using just JavaScript
	- fewer dependencies
	- distributed code structure
	- flexible organization
		- new addition -> as you like


-	with Vue
	- gradual learning curve
	- single 'view' file
	- app contained as a component
		- new addition -> new component

from https://play.nativescript.org/
compare templates for yourself

#### Investigate a sample project
https://docs.nativescript.org/core-concepts/project-structure-app

package.json
- main package file in the root
- nativescript properties
	- id, android.version, ios.version
- specify dependencies and project properties
	- description, author, repository url, license

node_modules, package-lock.json
- dependency tree needed for our app, given our package.json
- the versions and requirements list
- generated by running 'npm install' in the root of the project
- from https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v6/configuring-npm/package-locks:
	- This file describes an exact, and more importantly reproducible node_modules tree. Once it's present, any future installation will base its work off this file, instead of recalculating dependency versions off package.json.

app/App_Resources
- platform build configuration settings
- including native code (java, swift)
- platform icons

src/app.scss
- application-wide styling
- note: what happens when removed?

src/main.js
- starting point for our application
- notice the 'import' at the top of the file
	- the import statements always correspond with a resource in your project tree
	- follow the import statements to..

src/components
- *.vue file
	- advantage of using Vue - self-contained components
- what happens if we remove the core styles?

src/assets
- keep images and icons

#### Next time
- Selecting an application layout
- adding elements for navigating
- theming
